Feature: Setting to disable loading speed penalty for trains at short platforms (#11682)
OpenTTD/OpenTTD: src/lang/english.txt

STR_CONFIG_SETTING_NOSERVICE                                    :Disable servicing when breakdowns set to none: {STRING2}
STR_CONFIG_SETTING_NOSERVICE_HELPTEXT                           :When enabled, vehicles do not get serviced if they cannot break down

STR_CONFIG_SETTING_LOADING_SPEED_PENALTY                        :Loading speed penalty for trains that are longer than the station: {STRING2}

> STR_CONFIG_SETTING_LOADING_SPEED_PENALTY_HELPTEXT               :Disabling this setting allows trains to load/unload at maximum speed regardless of station length

Reviewer: ```suggestion
STR_CONFIG_SETTING_LOADING_SPEED_PENALTY_HELPTEXT               :When enabled, trains which are too long for the station load more slowly than a train which fits the station. This setting does not affect pathfinding.
```
